Notes:
Theme: Unstable
Make a Tricky Towers clone?
Need to build as high as possible, generates a score?
	Shapes could be randomly generated...
Will need physics that I don't believe hexi.js has..
Looks like we can possibly combine matterJS based on this issue
https://github.com/kittykatattack/hexi/issues/44

Let's try.
Maybe make it so the darker the tone the more dense the block?
	Can easily manipulate mass
Should make an object that combines a sprite with a body and
	changes tint based on mass given.
physicsSprite(x, y, width, height, mass);
Maybe make it control with mouse?
Get 7 blocks stacked and the eighth can be made static.
	Activated with shift?

Dude checkout this pinball demo!
https://codersblock.com/blog/javascript-physics-with-matter-js/

Found a bug where if block is touching platform or blocks it's counted twice!

Make it so when blocks fall past the point of no return it causes quaking and explosion sounds!
Need some background graphics, maybe one that scrolls very slowly but is very long?

Tomorrow will be focused on adding lots of animationa nd sounds to make things more appealing.
Extending/repairing hexi tweens so we can easily enable/disable them would be a boon.

Also menu and such tomorrow. Should be easy to insert it with some random blocks 
that rain in the background.
Will need a bit menu graphic.

Maybe we should make the score about the overall height using the towers average height like we had?

What about other block types? Round, wedge, extra large?
Could add some random events that would be fun, like wind and 

On initial have it show yuo to goal and then scroll down
Also have help menu activate to show you how to play.

do we have time to make 3 levels for this?
	I'm thinking like 3 of varying heights, second two have extra obstecaltes?
	Like some swinging rope things
	Birds?

How could we make it shake when you drop things?

Can we make it so the level gives us
1. Level name in upper right
2. Changes help text.
3. Changes the blocks avaliable.

Something to come back and study:
https://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/getting-started-with-matterjs-introduction--cms-28784


Todo:
\- Need a square and a button that spawns squares.
\- Physics for the squares to stack on the platform.
\- Next we'll need an object for creating
\- Then we'll work on a few different tetris style pieces that inherit
	Fuck I'm stuck. MY pixi container is upper left pivot and Matterjs you
		cannot change that or it changes the weight dist also..
	Need to find a solution for this, fix physics so things stay together more, more stable.
\- Finally we'll get some horiviontial and vertical movement of' current block
	This will have to be done by moving the physics body.
	Need to get better stacking first.
	After that we'll want the camera to track the center of the blocks
		To do this we'll first determine where the center of the tower is.
			We'll need a list of active blocks then, those that have not fallen off.
		Active blocks are touching the platform OR another block that is touching the platform.
\- Next we'll make the choice menu that will give you two blocks to choose from.
\- Then we'll get a score going for each block.
\- Then we'll take blocks that are well off screen and make them static.
\- Then a combo meter that lets you place a static block.
\- Need to make it so you can gain and lose points towards static next.
\-Then we need to make it so you get points for static objects as well.
	Refactor it so the initla loop checks all 'static' bodies, not just platform.
\- Need to make it so we can wrap everything and make into multiple levels. Also include a main menu.
	\-Main menu
	\- We'll also want to have the menu popup on the first level.
	\- Okay now stuck on the clean up, how do we purge everything?
\- Sound 
\- Hexi Animations
\- Reset camera with each level.

\- Art for title 
\- Art for BG.

Gameplay refinements.
	\- Get better physics
	\- Github repo and 
	sign into newgrounds.
	\-power up ready noise, bar breathes?
	Can we make it so the level gives us
		1. Level name in upper right
		\- 2. Changes help text.
		3. Changes the blocks avaliable.
	Obstacles per level?
	Add circle and triangle blocks.
	Credits monster!
	Reset button.


